Legal Disclaimer
The author is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from his pages – If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages. KissAnime doesn’t host any content

All KissAnime does is link or embed content that was uploaded to popular Online Video hosting sites like Veoh.com / Megavideo.com / Youtube.com / Google Video. All youtube/veoh/megavideo/googlevideo users signed a contract with the sites when they set up their accounts which forces them not to upload illegal content. By clicking on any Links to videos while surfing on KissAnime you watch content hosted on third parties and KissAnime cant take the responsibility for any content hosted on other sites.

We do not upload any videos nor do we know who and where videos are coming from. We do not promote any illegal conduct of any kind. Links to the videos are submitted by users and managed by users.

DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement
KissAnime is an online service provider as defined in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

We provide legal copyright owners with the ability to self-publish on the Internet by uploading, storing and displaying various types of media. We do not actively monitor, screen or otherwise review the media which is uploaded to our servers by users of the service.
We take copyright violation very seriously and will vigorously protect the rights of legal copyright owners.
If you are the copyright owner of content which appears on the KissAnime website and you did not authorize the use of the content you must notify us in writing in order for us to identify the allegedly infringing content and take action.

We will be unable to take any action if you do not provide us with the required information, so please fill out all fields accurately and completely. You may make a written notice via e-mail, facsimile or postal mail to our DMCA Agent as listed below. Your written notice must include the following:

Specific identification of the copyrighted work which you are alleging to have been infringed. If you are alleging infringement of multiple copyrighted works with a single notification you must submit a representative list which specifically identifies each of the works that you allege are being infringed.
Specific identification of the location and description of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity with enough detailed information to permit us to locate the material. You should include the specific URL or URLs of the web pages where the allegedly infringing material is located.
Information reasonably sufficient to allow us to contact the complaining party which may include a name, address, telephone number and electronic mail address and signature at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Written notice should be sent to our designated agent as follows:

DMCA AGENT Email: renzuken08 [at] gmail.com

How to File a Counter-Notice
Email your counter-notice to renzuken08 [at] gmail.com.
Include ALL of the following:
Your name, address, and telephone number.
DMCA ID printed at the bottom of the notification email.
The source address of the content that was removed (copy and paste the link in the notification email).
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed in error.
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Pinterest may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original complaint under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.
A physical or electronic signature (for example, typing your full name).

Copyright Removal Request
If you'd prefer not to use our form, please provide the following information to our Designated Copyright Agent:
Your Website *

Your Full name *

Email Address *

Provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
Your Message *

URL ( Video Url) *



[PRIVACY]
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.

Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.

Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.